[SORA grunts]
There's no time to spare--
the Shadow Knight demanded
that I remove the barrier
before sundown tonight.
He said if I refuse,
my sister will die.
[KANADE]
Tonight, huh?
We'll need to hurry.
Where is he now?
Just over there.
You'll find my sister,
Runa, as well.
Right, thanks;
we'll take it from here.
[SORA]
But you can't go without me!
If he realizes the deal's off,
I'm afraid he'll take it
out on your sister.
I know how hard this must be,
but could you stay
here and wait for us?
Sure. You've proven
worthy of my trust.
Please, fight well, Rein.
I see him.
[gasps]
[REIN] All right.
Just like we planned it.
[KANADE]
Right!
[TANIA]
Duh!
Three, two, one. Go!
[REIN]
Fireball!
[SHADOW KNIGHT]
No matter who you are,
your spells are
useless against me!
[KANADE] Tell us something
we don't already know!
They may not do
any kind of damage,
but they're a great distraction!
How did that not take him down?
[SHADOW KNIGHT] Such raw
power--might you be the hero?
I am not gonna take
insults from you.
[SHADOW KNIGHT]
Who but a hero
would challenge the
Demon King's army?
What is your purpose here?
I don't answer
to people like you.
[KANADE]
Mm!
[SHADOW KNIGHT] I see. The fairy
girl sent you, did she not?
[gasps]
[SHADOW KNIGHT]
Very well.
Such betrayal cannot
go unpunished!
[REIN gasps]
[SHADOW KNIGHT grunts]
[gasps]
I know you're angry.
Can we talk it out instead?
Way to go!
Got her! She's safe with me!
Nice job! Knew I
could count on you!
Uh! Well, just take
out that brute, will ya?
[SHADOW KNIGHT]
There's no escape!
Better not forget...
...we're still here!
[SHADOW KNIGHT groans]
We were able to
keep him distracted
while Tania saved her!
Your plan worked perfectly!
Yeah, thankfully it did,
but he's still not down yet.
[REIN] Even with Kanade's
power, he's unfazed.
[SHADOW KNIGHT]
Fools.
I will not be underestimated!
[SHADOW KNIGHT]
Not by you insects!
[REIN, KANADE groan]
[REIN]
No wonder he was confident
he could invade the
fairies' village alone.
Are all who serve the Demon
King as powerful as him?
[REIN yells]
[KANADE grunts]
How can he be so reckless?
The forest won't survive.
We can't stand here
and let him continue
this reckless assault.
Listen up!
Yeah?
[REIN]
I'll pin him to the ground.
While he's down,
I need you to hit him
with everything you've got!
But... he's really tough!
I don't think that'll be enough!
It will be. I need you
to trust me on this one.
[KANADE]
Mm. You got it.
[REIN grunts]
Now!
[REIN] I'm not sure the
ahrbee's paralyzing sting
will work on the Shadow Knight,
but we've gotta try something!
[SHADOW KNIGHT]
Surrender now.
You have nowhere left to run.
[KANADE gasps]
[SHADOW KNIGHT]
These pests are swarming!
[REIN] They'll be another
distraction, at least!
Kanade!
[KANADE]
Rein!
[SHADOW KNIGHT shouts]
Get out of my way!
[REIN]
Hey, it's time!
Heed my call and unleash
your ultimate power
from deep within.
Boost, now!
[KANADE gasps]
What's this?
I feel so strong.
[REIN]
Let 'er rip!
[KANADE yells]
[SHADOW KNIGHT grunts]
[SHADOW KNIGHT gasps]
[yells]
[SHADOW KNIGHT groans]
[REIN gasps]
[SHADOW KNIGHT]
No, not like this.
[REIN sighs]
Rein!
I felt like I just had more
pounce in me just now!
Did you cast some new
kinda spell, or what?
[REIN]
Oh, well.
It was just a unique
beast tamer spell I know.
It's really simple.
The spell grants a major boost
to your natural abilities,
but it's only temporary.
My physical abilities?
That's right.
I didn't have the
magic capabilities
to use it in the past,
but that all changed
when I bonded with Tania.
[TANIA]
As reckless as ever, I see.
Tania!
[REIN]
She all right?
She's just unconscious--
no need to worry.
But, boy, you've got
some explaining to do.
I was under the impression
that Boost was a lost spell.
How did you manage to
learn such rare magic?
I don't know what to tell ya.
I just learned it in
my home village, I guess.
Meow, meow!
The only thing
that matters is that
it helped us save
Sora's little sister!
So let's stop cat-fighting
and strike a sweet victory pose!
Those are some
interesting moves.
It's my victory dance!
[REIN chuckling]
[RUNA grunts]
[gasps] Oh! Hi there!
How are you feeling?
Where am I? Who are you?
We're your sister's friends.
She asked us to save you.
Don't worry; you're safe.
[gasps] She did? Really?
[SORA]
Runa! Thank goodness!
Can this be real?
Did the Shadow Knight hurt you?
I'm fine, promise!
[ALL chuckle]
Friends, you saved Runa's life.
How can I ever
repay your kindness?
Thanks a ton, you guys!
No need to thank me.
I'm just glad she's all right.
But, Rein, without
your timely aid,
who knows what might
have happened to her?
Yeah, without you,
I could have been put
in some real danger.
I bet I could've been
exposed to all sorts of nasty,
unseemly, inappropriate
business, Mister Rein.
Uh?
[RUNA chuckles]
Bet your thinkin' about it, huh?
Those male instincts probably
have you feeling
all sortsa stuff.
My goodness, Runa,
you're being utterly
outrageous right now!
Aw, Sis, you know I'm
always workin' real hard.
I think a little outrageousness
is just what the doctor ordered!
I simply cannot agree with
or condone such
flamboyant statements!
[REIN]
They look exactly the same,
but they really
are polar opposites!
I'm just glad we were
able to save her.
Sora seems so much
happier already!
This is nice. Now you can
live together in peace again!
[RUNA, SORA gasp, grunt]
Well, I fear we must
leave this place.
While I understand our
village leader's reasoning,
I cannot live amongst those
who abandoned Runa
in her hour of need.
I wish to distance
myself from them.
I understand.
Whatever you do,
be careful out there.
We may have defeated
the Shadow Knight,
but the forest is full
of monsters like him.
Yeah. "Damsel-in-distress"
just isn't my thing,
but I worry that we've spent
so many years as shut-ins here,
we just don't know much
about the real world.
Perhaps "shut-ins"
is a little excessive.
Though, I admit,
I share your concerns.
[KANADE]
Well, in that case,
why go exploring alone when
you could tag along with us?
Huh?
Wait, really?
It's gotta mean something
that we ran into you, right?
Tania, you'd agree,
wouldn't you?
I can't argue with ya, there,
but it's not my call.
Our fearless leader should
make that decision.
Um, really, it's up to you two.
Would you both be willing to
join a party with a human?
[RUNA. SORA grunt]
Well, meeting you
taught me that the world
isn't always quite
what it seems,
and that some humans are noble.
Though I may have
difficulty trusting others...
...I do feel that you are
worthy of companionship.
[gasps] Sorry.
If Miss Priss thinks that
you're friendship fodder,
then I don't mind
handing you the reins
and appointing you
as prime navigator!
It isn't your place
to appoint him, Runa!
[RUNA] Hm. I mean, only
if Rein wouldn't mind
showing us around.
Actually, I'd love it
if you joined us!
You truly mean it?
I guess that makes us
best friends now.
I have but one request.
Form a bond with us!
Uh. Uh...
As I understand it,
Kanade and Tania both
have a contract with you.
We, too, would like to
aid you on your journey!
Yep!
Are you sure this
is what you want?
Yes.
Without you, we wouldn't
be standing here.
[REIN] Taming fairies,
who would have thought?
While it may be true
that every species is tamed
roughly the same way,
the baseline magic
used in the spell
differs from beast to beast.
I'm familiar with that baseline
for animals and insects,
but fairies? They're
beyond my understanding.
Like solving a puzzle where
I couldn't see the pieces.
[REIN grunts]
[TANIA] Come on, you already
throwin' in the towel?
I know you'd never flat
out give up like that,
would you, Master?
We know you can do it.
We believe in you!
Uh... Hmm...
Guess it won't hurt to try!
[RUNA, SORA gasp]
[REIN] If I build up the
wrong baseline of magic
when forming the contract,
my words won't be
able to connect with
the soul of my target
and the bond will fail.
[REIN] What type of magical
foundation should I build?
Think.
Whatever it is, it'll have to
resonate with Sora and Runa.
[REIN gasps]
My name is Rein Shroud.
[REIN] In establishing
this new contract,
a bond is formed.
An oath in our heart
and hope in our souls.
[REIN]
Your power, in my hand.
Speak now, say your name!
Sora.
Runa.
[REIN grunts]
Oh, is the ritual complete?
Yeah, it is, and I'm
pretty sure it worked!
Sis, look! There's a
symbol on our hands!
[SORA grunts]
[KANADE]
See, you did it!
Of course. I never
doubted you for a second.
[sighs]
[REIN] Whoa. Contracting with
two ultimate species at once
is pretty exhausting.
[BOTH gasp]
[REIN grunts]
Wow, thanks for
catching me, guys.
You feeling all right?
Yeah, just a
little dizzy is all.
[RUNA] Don't be shy.
You can lean on us.
We're here to help.
It's our job now!
[SORA] We look forward
to traveling with you.
[RUNA, SORA]
Thank you, Master!
I don't know. Is it a good
idea to let him go in alone?
Is this not the cruel hero
that fired Rein from his party?
[KANADE grunts]
That's him all right,
but Rein asked us to wait here,
even if we don't like
his stupid plan one bit.
After our last run-in,
I'm worried the hero
might not be too thrilled
to see us and get cranky.
Plan, shman.
If anything happens to Rein,
we're going in there!
Works for me!
[REIN] Right, here's
the Shield of Truth.
[ALL gasping]
Huh? Is something wrong?
[ARIOS]
Uh! Shield of Truth, huh?
You only embarked on this
journey two days ago.
Do you expect me to believe
you found it that quickly?
Yeah, we really did
it in just two days.
You liar!
We searched the Lost Woods
for over a week
and found nothing!
D-Don't tell me you
brought us a fake knock-off!
No way, but if that's what
you think, check it out.
I'll cast appraisal magic.
[ARIOS]
Yes, please do!
It's genuine!
Really?
You're kidding me!
How were they able
to find it so quickly?
Uh! What's this?
Are those new faces?
Goodness, they
look like children.
Who they are is
none of your business.
[REIN] To be safe, I asked
them to hide their wings.
If word gets out that there are
fairies in a human settlement,
there could be widespread panic.
Where's the reward you promised?
[ARIOS sighs] I see,
straight to the money talk, huh?
[REIN]
Twenty gold coins, as we agreed.
Since the job's
complete, we done?
Yes.
[REIN]
Now,
I don't have to deal with
him or his party ever again.
Hey, Rein, wait.
[REIN grunts]
Would you rejoin
the hero's party?
[REIN gasps]
[ARIOS]
What the heck are you doing?!
You don't have my permission
to make that request!
I know; it's my own idea,
but you should consider it.
Our recent difficulties
have made it clear to me--
we need his help.
While we struggled
for over a week
with no progress
in the Lost Woods,
he cleared it in
a couple of days.
[ARIOS grunts]
I'll admit,
doing the whole scouting thing
without him is a total drag.
I guess I don't hate the idea.
[MINA] Considering what
likely lies ahead,
a compromise may be
in our best interest.
You can't possibly
object, can you?
If I promise good pay and
better treatment than before,
what do you say?
We'll welcome you back
to the party as a friend,
then start the journey
where we left off.
You're not getting hung up
on our little
misunderstanding, right?
[REIN grunts]
[REIN]
"Little misunderstanding"?
I understood perfectly!
You people haven't
changed at all--
still can't be trusted.
How could I have ever
seen them as my friends?
I was a fool.
Not anymore.
[KANADE]
Rein!
Enough of this. Let's go!
Come on, slowpoke--
we're waiting for you!
[REIN]
Mm.
[AGGATH]
You're turning me down?
Come help us defeat
the Demon King.
You'll rank up, achieve fame,
and gain riches beyond
your wildest dreams!
It's fine. I don't
need all that!
[REIN]
Honestly...
...ever since I was little,
my aspirations have
always been the same.
[REIN]
What I really wanted...
The things I dreamed of...
I'm lucky enough to
have it all right here!
[ALL laughing]
[ALL growl]
What is wrong with him?!
We practically begged
him to come back to us.
He's just an average man.
We're driven by lofty ambitions,
on a mission to
defeat the Demon King,
and he's nothing like us.
Arios. Do you agree?
Huh? Oh, yeah, that's correct.
The kid's quite the fool.
He's abandoning us and his
only real chance at glory.
Do we even need that
stupid guy? Hell no!
Exactly. We simply
wasted our time asking.
But still...
The pain I felt in that moment--
no, not just the pain,
but the humiliation,
the hatred--
it won't go away so easily.
Me, the hero,
beaten by that scum?
He's a dead man.
If it's the last thing I do,
I will tear him to shreds!
Tell me.
Is the hero the only one who
can defeat the Demon King?
Yeah. Glad that I wasn't
the only one wondering.
What do you think, Rein?
Let's see.
According to the old legends,
the Demon King used
his limitless power
to control everyone,
and while under his spell,
no one could turn against him.
The first hero made
a contract with the gods
to defeat the Demon King
and was blessed with
the gift of their blood.
With that flowing
through his veins,
he now had the
power of the gods.
He beat the Demon King,
freed the people,
and brought peace to the world.
And that's the
legend of the hero.
That first hero sounds great.
Totally, unlike
the current model!
[REIN laughs]
The blood of the gods is what
separates the hero from
an ordinary person.
Most people are
limited in how much
they can grow and improve.
No matter how hard they train,
they'll never actually
be strong enough
to defeat the Demon King.
But the hero is different.
The divine blood in
his body means he can
surpass the limits
of a normal person,
allowing him to train endlessly
and keep gaining strength.
Until he reaches a certain point
where he's strong enough
to take on the Demon King.
The "Limit Break,"
a power needed to defeat him,
and only the hero can use it.
But that "hero" was
pretty darn wimpy.
Right now, yeah,
but as he continues
to grow without limits,
he can get strong
enough to beat him.
[SORA]
If I may,
what about you?
Are you not the same as
the hero in this regard, Rein?
Huh?
[SORA] You forged
a contract with Kanade
and gained the cat
spirits' physical prowess.
Then, you bonded with Tania
and gained the dragonoids'
magical superiority.
[RUNA] And then, you forged
a contract with us,
which means,
you now have the ability
to use our fairy magic, too!
With every contract you forge,
you're acquiring new powers
and growing stronger
than you were before.
Yeah!
And you definitely
surpassed the limits
of an ordinary human, for sure.
It doesn't take a
fairy to notice that!
[SORA] Is this not
a "limit break" ability,
similar to the hero
in your fables?
They may be right.
Here's a thought!
What if Rein forged contracts
with even more ultimate
species than just us,
and kept getting
stronger and stronger?
I'll bet he could
become strong enough
to defeat the Demon King!
Whoa, don't get
ahead of yourself.
She's right, though.
Huh?
Much better than leaving
it to that lousy hero.
Sounds great to me!
As a human, and a savior,
I find you far
preferable to that hero.
Huh?!
Come on, Rein, please?
Don't you wanna turn the
Demon King into kibble?
[REIN]
Take on the Demon King?
In my old party, that
was our ultimate objective.
When they kicked me out,
that goal and all my
responsibilities vanished.
I'm having a lot
of fun with Kanade
and the others right now.
But if I could...
To be honest,
if I knew I could
get strong enough,
I would do it in a heartbeat.
All right!
That said, this isn't
like our other jobs--
we're talking about
the Demon King.
It's more than a quest
and it shouldn't
be taken lightly.
Countless lives depend
on getting this right.
I'm still not mentally prepared.
Not just yet.
[GROUP grunts]
I'm sorry.
I'm not strong enough to make
this decision on the fly.
I mean, I've only
made it this far
because I had the
help from you guys.
No, we're sorry!
We weren't thinking about
how it would affect you.
Oh, it's fine.
I don't mind thinking
about it at all!
There's no time
like the present.
I need to face my fear,
and surely, after that,
I'll be able to make up my mind.
Good idea.
I'll wait patiently
for your decision!
Yeah, same!
Yep!
But, remember,
no matter what you decide,
there's one thing
that'll never change.
Huh?
The important fact that all
of us are right by your side!
[REIN gasps]
Thank you!
[ALL laughing]
[REIN] I don't know
what move to make next...
...or what goal
I should strive toward.
[REIN]
But the time to choose my path
and seal my fate,
may be closer than ever.
[KANADE]
Next Time: "Let's Make Weapons."